# Header-based

Assuming that a header-based version of the output would look like:

```
myfile.txt
this
is
a
file

nextfile.txt
hello
```

The code would be slightly more complex because we would need to store the filename in a more persistent variable and we'd need add a check for each line in which we determine whether we've moved on to another file. The obvious benefit is that we wouldn't need to include the filename on every single line, which saves a lot of memory and disk space.

# Trailer-based

Assuming a trailer-based version would look like:

```
this
is
a
file
myfile.txt

hello
nextfile.txt
```

We would need to store each line in memory until we get to the trailer containing the filename, at which point we would flush all the text from memory to the disk.

The benefit here vs. the original program and the header version is that we could open and write to the file in one go, as opposed to leaving it open and writing to it line-by-line. This would probably improve the program's speed, as we'd be writing each line to memory instead of to the disk.

I think this would be the fastest solution, but with a bit more code complexity and higher memory usage. In this case I think the increased complexity of code is worth it, but in a general sense you would want to avoid hitting the point where complexity makes a program hard to maintain.

The idea that you need to write really obscure code to squeeze out performance tends to be applied to languages like C, Awk, or Perl. My impression is that older languages often have a tradeoff between code cleanliness and performance, while newer languages do a better job of creating an environment where clean code and performance coincide.
